Awards and recognition

    Anh Minh ’73 was recognized with the Gold Key Award for Excellence on June 3, 2022. This recognition celebrates Orange County writers and artists who demonstrate a commitment to social justice issues.
    Rashmi Kiran ’98, a graduate student in education at Cal State Fullerton, was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship for the 2022-23 academic year. Rashmi will use the fellowship to conduct research about the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia.

Books, publications, exhibits and performances

    Samantha Wilson ’10 published the children’s book, “Hear Wolf Howl.” Samantha is a fourth-grade teacher at Lincoln Elementary School in Portland, Oregon.
    Reed Chang ’08 is a mixed-media artist based in San Francisco. His latest exhibit, “It’s a Wonderful Life,” is on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. 
    Rahul Vazquez ’88, a concert violinist for the Orange County Symphony, was invited to perform at the White House in Washington, D.C. The July 21, 2022, workshop aimed to teach students across the nation about songwriting and music history.

Career and education

    Breanna Haggerty ’18 is interning at the Washington National Opera as a graphic designer.
    Brenda Lopez ’83 was appointed assistant superintendent in the Whittier School District. Brenda has 20 years of experience as an educational administrator. She received her doctorate in educational leadership from UC Berkeley.
    Mary E. Helt Lenda ’01 graduated in August 2022 from UCLA with a doctorate in educational leadership. She earned her bachelor’s degree in sociology and master’s degree in higher education from Cal State Fullerton. She serves as the director of student engagement at Occidental College.

Life events

    Diana Coronado ’03 married Miguel Ramirez ’97 on Oct. 24, 2022, in the Fullerton Arboretum at Cal State Fullerton. Diana is an accountant at Forensic Accounting Services in Arcadia, California, and Miguel is an assistant principal at Durfee Middle School in El Monte, California.
    Lakshmi Ellington ’08 and proud partner, Taewo, greeted Margaret Amy Ann Ellington on Aug. 7, 2022, at 12:33 p.m. Margaret weighed 10 lbs., 9 oz. and was 21” long. Big brothers Michael and Samuel are thrilled.

